Have you ever seen this many celebrities
in a YouTube video?
>> Nervous celebrities.
>> They're freaking out.
>> Wait for me. Wait for me.
>> I'm screwed.
>> No. No. No. Tiffany,
>> was it hard to get all these people in a
room?
>> Oh my gosh. Yeah.
>> It's chaos right now. The Beast team has
stations here for them to get their
thumbnail photos, Instagram photos,
short form content.
>> What's different [music] about making a
video with Mr. Beast?
>> He finds a way to raise the stakes and
that's what he does.
>> Whoever is left standing wins $1
million. That's actually perfect.
>> How many cameras on set today?
>> Feel like 40 cameras.
>> What's [music] the most expensive
camera?
>> They're the best camera in the world.
They're half a million dollars each.
>> This is a big reveal.
>> A lot of shows have been filmed on this
stage.
>> Tons. They did [music] Seinfeld here in
one episode. We spent what an entire
season of one of those other shows cost.
>> How do you think about the traditional
digital worlds [music] coming together?
>> Hollywood has a hard time understanding.
I'm not here to prevent. I'm here to
push forward.
>> No. Come on.
>> All right. Bye, Kevin.
>> I didn't mean it. Please, man.
>> Look at this little guy.
>> Oh, she peed. He's only a
multi-millionaire or four. Don't worry
about it.
>> We put an hour into this.
>> You cheated.
>> Security.
>> Legendary crash out by Howie.
>> So many actors where like honestly I'm
terrified to do something like this.
[music]
>> Where's our boy Kevin?
>> How's it going, man?
>> Come say hi. Everyone's having a good
time.
>> This is pretty This is pretty big, man.
>> Oh, this is crazy.
>> This is the one of the largest LED
floors in the wall. They're just running
through some of the graphic. These walls
open up. That's a million dollars for
charity. Crazy.
>> Holy
>> I tracked 30 celebrities in this circle.
Hey, and whoever is left standing gets
to walk away with $1 million.
>> It's interesting seeing Jimmy give
[music] notes to Kevin Hart on a YouTube
intro. be more concise, but he's
bringing the energy. So, it's going to
be awesome seeing these two worlds
converge, traditional and digital, all
in this YouTube video. We trap 30
celebrities in a circle, and whoever
leaves last wins $1 million.
>> How many games total?
>> I think like six, seven.
>> This is going to be crazy. Yeah, me and
Kevin are co-hosting this YouTube video.
That sounds crazy. We're co-hosting a
YouTube video, not even a show. We got
some big names here. I'm very excited.
>> And then all the contestants are over
here.
>> What's up, man? How are you, bro?
Whose idea was it to have? Look, if
Dwight Howard's here,
>> that means if there's anything physical,
I'm screwed.
>> Oh, look who it is.
>> Look, y'all. You got in the building
>> with Mr. Beast.
>> We're playing games.
>> So, now they finally got all the
celebrities into a room. Jimmy and Kevin
just came in after they did a run
through. And I feel like the big
challenge today is like, how do you
squeeze out as much content from some of
the busiest people in the world to get
people out of here on time? And Jimmy's
trying to not only film a video, but
also make sure they get Instagram
content. A lot of moving pieces. It's
chaos right now. The celebrities are
coming in. You see, some of them have
vlog cameras, and some of them don't
know how to use it, like Howie Mandel.
>> You think I need a tutorial on this? I
think I know what I'm doing.
>> I think it's the first time he's ever
used that vlog camera. Right before the
shoot starts with the main YouTube
video, the beast team has stations here
for them to get their thumbnail photos
taken, for them to get Instagram photos
taken. The shorts team is going to try
to have them do a few short form
content. So, they're really trying to
pack as much content.
>> I didn't think we would be in the full.
This is more official than I was
expecting. [music] I have nothing to
lose. I mean, yes, I have three kids and
a wife, but other than that, I got
nothing to lose.
>> Steve was right behind us. Isn't that
crazy?
>> That I'm such a genuine attention
>> It's so crazy. [music] I'm overwhelmed.
Hello. How are you?
>> Everybody call me baby if you [laughter]
the best day of my life.
>> How does it feel to see all of them in
one room? My brain don't know how to
work. So
>> yeah, he's he's like speaking in like
broken sentences.
>> Look what we get to do, guys. I don't
want to do
>> We're moving. We're going to the set.
Here we go.
>> All right. I need everybody to hear her
set.
>> What are some of the games that we're
going to play today?
>> So you see the Teslas that won Lambo.
They're going to have a chance to throw
a red ball through those rings up there.
>> Oh, wow.
>> To win a car for one of their biggest
fans.
>> And right now, like this is a big
reveal. Like this wall.
>> Oh yeah. We do our reveal by lifting
these walls up and opening these [music]
little chambers. This room is going to
change throughout the the video. We're
going to close this door right here.
>> Yeah. And the next time it opens, it's
an entire kitchen setup that comes out
here. Then it closes again and then it
opens again. It's all red room with
smoke and three giant red cubes come out
and they just get put on the stage. So,
it's constantly evolving, which is
really cool cuz that Survivor one looks
really good to your eyes. But when we
wheel in to get a grip game from
Survivor and we push the camera in, it
looks like you're just on an island,
which is pretty crazy.
>> How did the idea for this video come
about?
>> Well, we had 50 YouTubers in a cube and
that broke the world record for most
views in 24 hours. So, why not run it
back with celebs?
>> Was it hard to get like all these people
in a room like these are some of the
busiest people in
>> Oh my gosh. Yeah.
>> And a lot of them are just kind of like
they've never done this whole It's funny
hearing them say it. They're like, I
don't really do this whole reality TV
thing. They're more used to scripted
roles and so the thought of being in an
unscripted environment like terrifies
them. [music] Like there so many actors
that were like honestly I'm terrified to
do something [music] like this.
>> Wait for me. Wait for me.
>> How does it feel being on a beast game
set?
>> It's big and that's what he does. He
finds a way to raise the stakes. He's
giving celebrities opportunity to
participate on behalf of their charity.
>> Kevin, I feel you're so forward
thinking. I mean, you're doing videos
with Kai and Drewki and now Jimmy. Like
like how do you think about like the
traditional digital worlds coming
together? I think the business of
entertainment and Hollywood has a hard
time understanding what the world of
streaming or influencer is and has
become, but what people are responding
to is not an accident. I'm not here to
prevent. I'm here to push forward.
>> What I want is you to be free. That's
the thing. And that's why I said you
have a camera guy that'll literally just
be like, you know, if you want to walk
over and just sit over on that side for
no reason at all, you can just grab the
camera guy and do it. Like, you're free
to do whatever.
>> It's the Kevin Hart.
>> You guys ready? Yeah,
>> let's do it.
>> Get out of here.
>> Open the wall.
>> What are you talking?
>> Come on in, everyone.
>> Wow.
>> Enter our circle.
>> Holy mackerel.
>> Let's kick off the first game.
>> Absolutely.
>> That's not just one, but five shiny
cars, including this $250,000
Lamborghini. For game one, if you manage
to throw a dodgeball through any one of
those five hoops, we will give your
biggest fan the car. Oh my god,
[cheering]
>> we just went to wardrobe to get into our
[music] white outfits.
>> Darius, Jordan, push back in.
>> I love seeing the gameplay from this
angle cuz they have every monitor, every
camera running because this is kind of
where everything happens. This is the
main control room. You have Russ who is
directing everything in the cameras. You
have Emily looking at the [music]
cameras as well. You have people
listening in on all the dialogue, the
audio team, and over there you have the
art department who's just getting all
the props, the briefcases, and
everything dialed in. You have the
rotating sets as the crew preps to bring
in the survivor set, then the kitchen
set, [music] then the red cubes back to
back to back. There's just so much going
on. And never mind the two other
soundstages that they have rented to get
social content that will come from the 9
hours that we're spending with all the
people today.
>> So, which one of you is going to [music]
risk elimination and a million dollars
to give your biggest fan a car?
>> Oh, he's doing it.
>> BRING IN HIS FAN.
>> I GOT HIM. What's going on, J?
>> What's going on, man?
>> Which card do you want to win him?
Obviously the Lamborghini is further
away. It's going to be that one. THAT
TESLA
>> that was short.
>> I like Kevin Hart.
>> Our first elimination.
>> What happened in there, J?
>> When I threw it towards it, it like
dipped right before the hole. It's a and
dropped like this. It's like Goku lost
his power was midflight.
>> How would Denzel approach [music] a
contestant?
>> I would say Denzel would say everybody
here has got one task to stay inside.
You got to stay inside. Okay. You stay
inside, right? And I lost that task. But
it's okay cuz I'm the one that's talking
to you now. You understand?
>> I want you to get back in the game, man.
I'm being
>> Give me one of them Back Street Boy
suits. Let me go. [laughter]
>> No. Then you're part of the crew, man.
>> Okay. Pay attention.
>> By the way, I'm going to cut it. I'm
going to edit this to where to where I
did it.
>> It's that easy. [cheering]
>> Yeah.
>> In the edit when I threw it. Cut to the
one he threw. Debo, you're going to do
it. All right, do it.
>> Bring in Dipless fan.
>> Look at that excitement.
>> How are you? How are you?
>> Go for the Tesla. Come on, Dip.
>> I really just want to give away one car.
I'm counting on you.
>> You ready? [screaming]
[cheering]
>> You're good. He did it. Come on up.
>> Oh, you got a car.
>> Hey, honk the horn. President
>> smart people, you guys are up first and
then change the floor to smart. Change
the floor.
>> You get to decide between playing a
strong game or a smart game.
>> The guards are about to go in.
>> Guards, bring in the game.
>> Wait, what is the game?
>> Oh, shoot.
>> Beside each of you is 10 blocks. I'm
going to stack a pattern of 10 blocks
here. And once it gets knocked over, the
first six of you to build it on the
podium in front of you move on.
>> How does this YouTube video that we're
shooting here uh compare to a Beast
Games episode? It's similar in in the
scope of everything that goes [music]
into it behind the scene. They do a lot
of big videos. They have control rooms
this big. Take up three and four stages
at a time.
>> This is in the heart of LA. A lot of
shows and movies have been filmed on
this on stage.
>> Tons. They did Gilligans Island here.
They did Seinfeld here. And now they
have the biggest YouTube creator in the
history of the world here.
>> But your pattern and his pattern are
different. Who's correct?
>> I've done a lot of big shows. LipSync
Battle, America's Got Talent, Wipeout,
>> and what's the single biggest difference
between those shows and Beast Games?
>> We spend on Beast Games in one one
episode what an entire season of one of
those other shows cost.
>> Congratulations to the six of you at the
Green Star. You recreated the pattern
first. Everyone else, I'm sorry.
>> Howie, you cheated.
>> Howie did it on his whole phone. I
didn't even realize this while we were
shooting.
>> But Howie Mandel had snuck in his phone
and filmed the entire game.
>> You know why I did it? For pediatric
cancer.
>> Yeah. Say that's terrible. Go ahead.
Tell me I'm a terrible person.
>> No. No. No. Tiff. No. No. Tiffany,
>> this was my off day, bro.
>> Sorry, Tiff. Sorry.
>> Oh, Tiffany's out.
>> Open the Iris door.
>> Had it right.
>> It was a speed thing. So once you're
eliminated like they're not done getting
[music] content
beast anymore.
>> What are you shooting here? Like here
you're getting more content for like
other Beast channels or what what's
going on?
>> So we're doing here a Mr. Beast 2 video
where 30 celebrities are reacting to
Beast Games [music] episode one.
>> I mean such a smart format cuz the react
format you just need to get them there
put in headphones and like a lot of
people are comedians, actors like they
could just like hype it up.
>> Tiffany Hattish like one of the funniest
people. I love her. Like her reactions
were priceless. All
right, [music] hit record.
>> This is your intro.
>> All right, quiet on set. Hit record. All
right, I grabbed I grabbed a bunch of
really famous celebrities, some some
comedians, some musicians, some actors,
and in this video, we're going to have
them react to my brand new season of
Beast Games. You have banger shorts
cooking up.
>> Oh, really?
>> We have find the real celebrity where we
have four lookalike celebrities that
look identical to like Justin Bieber, Ed
Sheeran, Serena Carpenter, and we have
Kevin Hart. And if they pick Kevin Hart,
they win 10 grand.
And our look alikes are crazy. I'll
introduce you guys to the looks. You
guys, I have just someone who wants to
check this out. This is John.
>> Nice to meet you, man.
>> And Sharon [laughter] Shar.
>> Nice to meet you. Serena Carpenter and
Drake.
>> And Drake. I don't know about this one,
but okay. All right. Everyone else. Do
you know Shape of You?
>> I do. Yeah. Yeah. [laughter]
>> Can you sing us a few lyrics?
>> I'll give you a few.
>> The club isn't the best place to find
>> it. This is where Finding Real
Celebrities can be. So, this is going to
be a challenge and I'm going to reveal
it the [music] second you take off your
blindfold. Okay, take off your
blindfold.
>> Okay.
>> In front of you are five celebrities,
but only one of them is real. If you can
guess which one is real, I will give you
$10,000. You have 10 seconds. I need you
to pick.
>> No, it's Kevin Hart. It's Kevin Hart.
>> Okay, let's see. This is a $10,000
decision you made. You are correct. THIS
IS KEVIN HART. I'M KEVIN HART. I'M KEVIN
HART. SUCH A GOOD GUESS. I WAS TRYING TO
ACT like I'm not Kevin Hart, but then my
face is doing Kevin Hart stuff. God, I'm
so stupid. And this is my cut.
>> Okay, that's his appearance fee.
>> Thank you.
>> Congrats on the 10 grand.
>> Before I open that wall and reveal the
game, what do you guys hope the game is?
>> Push-ups.
>> How many of you have seen Survivor?
>> Bring on out the poles.
>> Oh no, the pole. This is the worst.
>> We're going to have cameras come film
you guys. Say what you're thinking to
the camera. You know the deal. If you're
wondering why they're playing a Survivor
game, it's because Beast [clears throat]
Games did a huge crossover with
Survivor, [music] which we also went
behind the scenes for. And that video,
as well as this one that you're
watching, and many others, will be
curated in the carousel in my linkree
along with other things like my free
YouTube hack pack where you can get the
best tools and templates to grow on
YouTube from all the interviews that
we've done. Because I'm telling you,
Linkree is so much more than [music]
just a link in bio tool. It's used by
over 70 million people from the
celebrities, podcasters, and creators in
this video to tons [music] of small
businesses. And Linkree has so many
features that will save you monthly
costs like a link shortener or an autodn
tool for your Instagram or even it lets
you sell digital products to help you
monetize and grow. Plus, [music] you can
customize your link tree to your brand
in minutes. And with Linkree's built-in
analytics, [music] you know exactly
what's getting clicks and driving
traffic. And best of all, Linkree is
giving you a special deal to try it out
if you use my link below or if [music]
you go to my Linkree. And I mean,
there's a reason why over 70 million
people use Linkree no matter their
niche. And they rarely give out deals
like this. So check it out.
First [music] six to touch the ground
are eliminated.
>> You should try to break your opponent.
>> OH NO. WE HAVE OUR FIRST OUT.
>> The shoes make it impossible, man.
>> Get up real.
>> I love his post.
>> OH NO.
>> NO. WHAT THE?
>> We're about to lose our WWE superstar.
>> NO.
>> WHY DON'T YOU TALK? Oh no.
>> Oh no.
>> The game is over. YOU'RE GOOD.
>> 15. Top 15 glasses
>> and all that.
>> Good holding.
>> Is this real food? Like everything.
>> Oh yeah.
>> There's going to be a few celebrity
judges including Paris Hilton.
>> Okay, so I feel like this entire set
just turned into Paris Hilton's catwalk.
>> Wow.
>> You look at this and you go into
cooking. I'm actually
>> I think it is.
>> Let's have you guys in the same order
and going to the same place if you can.
How are you going to transition [music]
from the scene before to this one? Cuz
this was a massive change. It took a lot
of time.
>> We just put them in squares and then we
cut the lights. And so what we're going
to do is power the lights down, power
the lights on. It'll be a clean, like
pretty transition. And then they're all
going to react to it and it'll be cool.
>> Cut the lights. The next game is a
cooking challenge.
>> How did you do that?
>> This is insane.
>> Who dressed me?
>> Our first judge is a global ICON, PARIS
HILTON. SHE IS ONE OF three judges that
will be judging the food you make. Russ,
how are you thinking about shooting
this?
>> They were treating this like an event,
you know, like we're not going to stop.
So, we have a bunch of celebrities. So,
we're just going and going and going and
going.
>> I will tell you if your food is not
good.
>> Now, how many YouTube videos do you
shoot with the control room?
>> Probably 60% now, 70%. But when you got
less cameras, you can see what
everyone's doing. But once you pass like
the 20 mark, we're way ahead of that.
It's completely changed than when we
were filming in 2018. I'll tell you
that. 50 people put their hand on the
Lamborghini.
>> I would take off one.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> We had to put a ton of robo cameras in
the ceiling and then we had to get
[music] tights on everyone's single
hand. You can't miss anything.
>> Yeah.
>> How many cameras on set today?
>> I think we got like 40 cameras.
>> What's the most expensive camera [music]
you have on set today?
>> This is the Alexa 265. They're half a
million dollars each. They're the best
camera [music] in the world. Marvel
shoots with them. Like you got to be
somebody just to even use these cameras.
>> No, no, no.
>> Yell at me. Oh jeez.
>> No. Howie, howie. Howie.
>> Smart. [music] Smart. Good job.
>> This is like my cheat sheet. Just look
into all these screens. You go
crosseyed. So it's like a top down view
of every single set where every single
camera is. And so I can look down and go
look. Oh, F5 is filming this direction.
So I know where the coverage is at.
>> Ricky, can you give me tights of them?
Nice. Thank you. Any inserts on the
beads that we can get of any plates?
What is this?
>> This is our interpretation of a Hawaiian
dish known as the poo poo platter.
>> Oh, the poo platter.
>> We put an hour into this. We put an
ENTIRE [screaming]
>> SECURITY. That was so bad. I don't even
know if Paris is going to give it a 10.
>> 1 2 3.
>> Reveal it.
>> Yeah, I just gave him one zero one.
>> I gave a one.
>> I'm out.
>> One zero.
>> PARIS, WHY A 10? Open the portal. This
is a legendary crash out by Highway.
>> This was the best. See you later.
>> These games, that's hot.
>> Wow. I that if that makes you want to go
watch it, I'll take it.
>> I love how he can get people from all
around the world to come and do these
crazy stunts. And the fact that they're
doing it for charity as well, I think is
so beautiful. And
>> awesome. Take care, guys. And here come
the cubes right now.
They're rolling in the cubes like it is
an army making sure that we go just like
the hundreds of crew members we saw
behind the scenes of [music] Beast Game
season 2. But it's wild to see this for
a single YouTube video.
>> Only one of you is moving on to the
final game.
>> Oh my goodness. Here we go.
>> GET IN THE QUEUE. This game is all about
picking up a red phone and dialing
[music] the team backstage to order
anything in the world to decide how to
eliminate someone. They're going to get
a little taste of Beast Games here.
>> Beast online. How can I help you?
>> Let's do Twister.
>> Yeah, bring Twister out here.
>> Are you the mastermind behind all the
requests coming in?
>> Yeah.
>> How can they make a [music] request for
anything?
>> Um cuz we have them in stock. They're
here.
>> Oh, so you bought a bunch of stuff like
ready to preempt.
>> We've done this game a couple of times.
So we did all the things that every
wanted them to bring in new things. So
like we got instruments like a cowbell
and a piano over there, a giant Jenga
and we got Twister today.
>> Sorry. Sorry. A Milton Bradley game.
>> Can we get darts, puppies, connect for
>> So right now I have Twister coming up
and the dart game coming up. We also
have puppies coming up. People out in
cars. They're waiting by Starbucks or
they're waiting by like Walmart. So
we're going to try to get it here
quicker. Copy that.
>> Hey uh air hockey is going to number
two.
>> I think we can get Steo to do something
physical.
>> How's your wrestling? [music]
>> That's the first time I'm hearing the
word. Well, that's bad news for you.
>> Let's ask for a clown. Just see what
happens.
>> Seems like you [music] rank the request
and then what's a level like two or
three?
>> Those are the harder ones.
>> Yeah. Hey people,
>> how good are you with
>> Oh. Oh, yeah. Here, let me show you.
>> Jiu-jitsu. Jiu-Jitsu. No, no, no, not
me. Him.
>> The orange juice is going to number
three.
>> Thank you, my good. The next one is left
foot red.
>> Oh, you got the [screaming]
>> Thank you for coming out of course. That
was fun.
>> I owe you one. Let me know how I can
ever help, dude. Anytime.
>> Wait, what happened? Twister.
>> I suck at it, but I'm super late, so it
was good to see.
>> Yeah, you too, Alex. Some of these guys
are so busy that I I wonder if they're
getting themselves [music] out cuz they
got to get to their next flight. They
got to get to the next meeting. It's
just like a different kind of grind than
the contestants [music] we saw in these
games who are just in it for 30, 40 days
at a time.
>> I think we've [music] decided on Rockom
Sakum Robots.
>> Rockom Sakum Robots.
>> If the head goes up, you win the game.
>> All right. So, here we have our MMA
[laughter]
for whatever.
Oh.
Look at this little guy. Where did these
puppies spawn from? Look at this guy.
>> Oh
my gosh. Okay, so you have to let the
dog run to the winner.
>> This is how we're deciding.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh man.
>> Yes.
>> He went in with bold fist. That was a
bold move.
Oh,
I don't even care cuz you are so cute.
>> Maybe you need another teammate.
>> Oh my goodness.
>> Oh my god.
>> If you would vote me back in then uh I'm
ready to go, baby. You seen sinners,
right? Invite me in.
>> What the hell?
>> You got to put me back in, coach. That's
>> dude. This guy raced me 100 m and said,
"If if I beat you, you need to tell
Jimmy to put me back in the game."
>> If I do this, I get back in the game.
>> I [laughter] do not have that power.
>> To the cone. To the cone. Go.
>> One of
cheated.
>> But how did he get in a guard outfit?
>> He's got his ways, bro.
>> No, you had something to do with that.
>> No, I would never.
>> Oh, see you soon.
>> Hey, see you on season 3.
>> Yes, sir. I'll be back.
>> Oh my gosh.
Look at
>> here. Get this dramatic shot.
Oh, she peed.
>> Oh, spill on aisle three.
>> Multi-million dollar floor. Don't
[laughter]
>> you just took a piss on Jimmy set?
>> Thank you. Come here, baby. Oh, she peed
a little bit. She was a little scared.
It's okay.
>> Ready? Fight.
>> It's done. It's
>> Oh my gosh, that was just instant.
>> Yeah. Grab your chickens and your your
bag.
>> Where in the world did you come from?
>> Where'd you come from? Fantasy Island.
[laughter]
Did somebody ring the red phone to call
for a clown? Is that what happened?
>> You must have.
>> You don't even know why you're here.
>> 30 minutes or less. I was there.
>> Wasn't expecting there to be another
clown in there.
>> Was there
>> Steo?
>> Oh my god.
>> Two. [laughter] Oh my god.
>> It's hour 15 16. We're finally down to
the final three.
>> In front of you are three briefcases.
One has a million dollars inside of it.
The other two are empty. So, one
suitcase will have a million dollars of
like bills, the catch, [music] and the
other one will just have this.
>> Yes.
>> So, that when they're feeling it or
they're moving it around like you can't
tell. Can we open this one?
>> We will start with Audrey because she
came out of the cubes first. Gravy will
go next and he'll get a choice. He can
ask you whatever he wants and steal your
briefcase or choose one of the other
two. Drop the wall.
>> Three is a magical number.
>> I'm speaking to you. Only you will know
what's in there.
>> Got [music] it. And oh, look, there's a
GoPro there. That's cool. So, you could
get my immediate reaction whether I have
the million dollars or I'm bluffing.
>> Close the wall.
>> Did you like what you saw in the
briefcase?
>> Yeah.
>> Was it heavy?
>> Very [music] heavy.
>> Just do a little extra research here.
>> What? Why are you looking at the
scaffolding?
>> I was just wondering where the cameras
are at.
>> Come on. You think this is our first
show? We're not that dumb to only put
the cameras at the winning one. Open the
wall.
>> My first instinct. I'm locking in
stealing hers.
>> You're locking it in.
>> I'm locking it in.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> And that means this is yours.
>> They're opening out the briefcases.
[music] Um, we're going to see who's
going to win after all this time.
>> Open your briefcase. Oh my [screaming]
gosh. He did it.
He did it. Keep going.
Keep going.
Oh my god.
>> Before the confetti finishes, I want you
to be like, "All right, Sivo, you just
won a million bucks for charity. I need
to go stand on 5 million bucks. [music]
Let's go."
>> Congratulations, SO just won a million
for his charity. And now I literally
right now have to go give away $5
million. I'll see you there. To give
away $1 million [music] to promote a
show where Jimmy gives away $5 million
is insane. And I'm so excited [music] to
announce that we went behind the scenes
of Beast Game season 2 and made a 7
episode docu series that will air on
Prime Video and the Mr. Beast [music] 2
channel along with extended cuts here on
my channel. So subscribe so you don't
miss it. Here's a first look at our
trailer for our official [music] docu
series, The Making of Beast Games. We're
about to show you the behind the scenes
of season 2 of Beast Games.
We have some of the largest sets in
history. were breaking dust at the world
records, giving away millions of
dollars, and a lot of people wanted to
know how did we do it all. So, for the
next 45 days, I'm going to be giving
John exclusive access to everything.
Every room, every set, all 10 episodes,
all 200 contestants, all of my employees
as we travel the world, and things are
going to get personal. Do you still
enjoy doing this?
>> We're in a really bad spot. Six months
of preparation, 1,100
crew members. [music]
>> If something can go wrong, it will go
wrong. Rain came in. It actually broke
through our set.
>> Oh my god.
>> Beast Games. Welcome to Survival.
>> That little moment. That's what Beast
Games is all about.
[music]
>> Episode one's going to be a banger. I
don't normally give access like this to
[music] anyone. I'm a little scared.
>> Congrats, Tyler. That was a great That
was great.
>> You did. You did really good.
>> Thank you. That I mean that was the fact
that he stole it. A so good.
>> You really didn't know, but it was that
was crazy.
>> Really good.